Update development & documentation requirements to latest version (#2225)
alteryx/featuretools: release.md

## Release on conda-forge

In order to release on conda-forge, you can either wait for a bot to create a pull request, or manually kickoff the creation with GitHub Actions

### Option 1: Manually create the new pull request with GitHub Actions
1. Go to this GitHub Action: https://github.com/alteryx/featuretools/actions/workflows/create_feedstock_pr.yaml

> 2. Click **Run workflow** and input the released version with the v prefix (e.g. `v0.13.3`)

Reviewer: Very minor but I find the following a little more clear: 
```suggestion
2. Click **Run workflow** and input the letter `v` followed by the release version (e.g. `v0.13.3`)
```

3. Kickoff the GitHub Action, and monitor the Job Summary.
4. At the completion of the job, you should see summary output, with a URL. 

>     * You will need to visit this URL, and create a pull request.

Reviewer: Just to mirror the structure of the other steps
```suggestion
    * Visit this URL and create a pull request.
```

>     * You can also create the pull request by clicking the branch name (e.g. - `v0.13.3`): 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Alternatively, create the pull request by clicking the branch name (e.g. - `v0.13.3`): 
```

      - https://github.com/alteryx/featuretools-feedstock/branches
5. Verify that the PR has the following: 
    * The `build['number']` is 0 (in __recipe/meta.yml__).
    * The `requirements['run']` (in __recipe/meta.yml__) match the `install_requires` in __woodwork/setup.cfg__.

>     * The `test['requires']` (in __recipe/meta.yml__) match the test requirements in `[options.extras_require]` in __woodwork/setup.cfg__

Reviewer 2: __woodwork --> __featuretools here and the line above (

Author: Fixed
https://github.com/alteryx/featuretools/pull/2225/commits/fc66dad2f6e08deb2adfbcc28d7e463b7aec17a1
